Now you've won.
This check can be returned.
Tiger, I did win, but White City owes you a lot of money.
So this check will compensate you on his behalf.
That's enough.
This friend of mine has made friends.
If anything happens, come find me.
Thank you.
Bach Xiao Wei is the woman you see.
Really let her go like that.
Remember, Qin Feng Ming is my brother.
If you are my wife, you are my sister-in-law.
Who dares mention this anymore?
Who am I going to kill?
I know, Tiger.
A billion.
Give it away.
Is it stupid or...
Qin Shao Tiger just said he wants to forgive my gambling debt.
Why do you still leave a billion checks?
If a billion checks don't leave.
We're afraid we can't get out of here.
They all say that Master Qin is a fool.
Now it seems
This is obviously a stupid mind.
Miss Bai, I have saved you.
Should our deal be done?